Spotlight (#208)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: _meta/spotlight.md

# Introduction to Deep learning

## What name(s) should be listed as author(s) of the Incubator Lesson Spotlight blog post?
- Colin Sauze
- Dafne van Kuppevelt
- Djura Smits
- Peter Steinbach

## Please provide the GitHub username(s) of the author(s) who will review the final blog post before it is published.

> dafnevk

Reviewer: I am happy to help with this too.

## What is the title of your lesson?
Introduction to Deep Learning

## What is the URL of your lesson pages?
https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/deep-learning-intro

## What is the URL of your lesson GitHub repository?
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro

## Who is the target audience of your lesson? (1-3 sentences)

> The main audience of this carpentry lesson is PhD students that have little to no experience with deep learning. In addition, we expect them to know basics of statistics and machine learning.

Reviewer: I personally wouldn't limit the target audience to academia at all.

```suggestion
The main audience of this carpentry lesson is considered to have an academic background at any level. More importantly, we expect them to know basics of statistics and machine learning to follow through with the material.
```
